>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, welcome back
to another stunning
edition of "Beyond Belief."
You know, they say there are
two things we just cannot avoid:
death and taxes.
And with me, of
course, is an expert.
We're going to talk about one
facet of that, Raymond Moody,
near death experiences.
Noted author, of course.
His bestselling book,
"Life After Life."
It's always good to have you.
>>RAYMOND MOODY: It's
always great to be --
>>NOORY: Always.
>>MOODY: --with
you, George, always.
It's just so much fun.
>>NOORY: You are so upbeat.
>>MOODY: Well, I've been through
my periods of depression,
too, like us all.
But you'll find at 69, life
becomes a lot smoother, really,
in terms of those ups and downs.
>>NOORY: It is,
especially when you
know what you know about
what's on the other side.
>>MOODY: Well, you know, I
think when you and I met,
I probably just wasn't sure.
Reason is my only way
of figuring it out.
But yeah, in the
last year or so,
I've had to sort of give up
and admit that it seems to me
that the only way I
can think about this
now is to acknowledge
that when we die,
we do go into some other
dimension of existence.
>>NOORY: Whatever it might be.
>>MOODY: That's right.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in this, Raymond?
I mean, was there an
episode in your life
a long, long time ago?
Because you are-- Elisabeth
Kubler-Ross and your name
comes up all the time.
>>MOODY: Yeah.
What happened to me,
George, was that I just
had zero religious background,
which is odd for somebody
from Portaldale,
Georgia, I suppose.
But I just didn't.
>>NOORY: You just weren't
brought up that way, right?
>>MOODY: I just wasn't.
And my thing was astronomy,
and from the age of seven.
So at the age of 18, I went away
to the University of Virginia
with the intention of
being an astronomy major.
>>NOORY: I love it.
>>MOODY: But I had gotten
interested in philosophy
in high school.
So my first semester at UVA,
I took a course in philosophy.
And the first thing they had us
to read was Plato's "Republic,"
which is about, actually,
at the end, a near-death--
>>NOORY: The other side.
>>MOODY: --experience.
That's right.
And so the fact that Plato
took this question seriously
impressed me.
As incidentally,
George, if you wrote up
the history of the
ancient Greek philosophers
and just submitted it to
the "National Inquirer,"
they would turn
it down because it
would be too sensational
for anybody to believe.
But it was a reality.
And these early
philosophers collected
cases of what they
call the revenants,
or people who had-- believed
to be died and returned,
and so I knew about that
from Greek philosophy.
Then in 1965, I met
Dr. George Richie,
who was a professor
of psychiatry
there at UVA at that time, who
had had such an experience,
and then I got
really interested.
And since that time, I've
talked with literally thousands
of people from all over the
world who were brought back
from death and had these
amazing experiences.
>>NOORY: And where has
the time gone, Raymond.
My god.
>>MOODY: Where?
>>NOORY: Just clicking by.
>>MOODY: I know, I know.
I've got a 15-year-old
and a 13-year-old,
both adopted at birth.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>MOODY: And when
I look at them,
I see these little babies,
sort of holographically,
all the images of
all the memories
all sort of superimposed.
Yeah, it's amazing.
>>NOORY: When you were
starting to study this,
and like you said, you didn't
have a religious background,
which is difficult to come from.
If you don't have a strong
religious background,
you really don't
believe in a lot--
>>MOODY: That's right.
>>NOORY: --life after
death and things like that.
That convincing point for
you, when you realized,
you know what, there's
something here.
There's something
on the other side.
Do you even, at your
point now in your career,
are you still
changing a little bit?
>>MOODY: I still realize that
it's personal in the sense
that there is no technically
correct logical process you can
go through to infer that
there's life after death.
But I think that is a
problem with our logic, which
comes to us ultimately from
Aristotle, who predicated it
on--
>>NOORY: Another Greek.
>>MOODY: That's right.
Predicated it on literal meaning
and the true/false distinction.
And so the question
of life after death
doesn't fit into that format.
But I think that--
I think, George,
that we are soon on the--
we're on the cusp here
of amazing developments in the
genuine, rational investigation
of the afterlife question.
So about a year and a half
ago, I reached the point
where I ran out of
wiggle room, and I
realized that there's
something to this.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MOODY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: After all these years,
only a year and a half ago?
>>MOODY: Yeah, yeah.
You know, I mean, I'm sure
everybody's heard these things.
But as people come
back from death,
they tell us that they
get out of their body,
and they go through the
tunnel into this light,
and they see their life review.
They meet their relatives
who've died and so on.
And so that is well-ingrained
into our culture.
And we also know that there's
a standard format for debating
that, namely, that some people
sort of sit there and say,
yeah, well, it indicates
there's an afterlife.
But other people come
along and say, no, this
is just the cutoff
of the oxygen flow
to the brain and the
hallucinatory things and so on.
But what happened
was I met a man
some years ago out West, who
had this amazing near-death
experience when he was
in a horrific car crash,
and his wife was
killed instantly.
So he came up to me
several years back
talking about his experience.
So I encouraged him
to write this up,
because he's an
artist, and I thought
that's how artists process
things, which he did.
Then in August of 2013,
2012, he sent me his book.
>>NOORY: Only a few years.
>>MOODY: Yeah.
2012, he sent me his book.
And then less than two
weeks later, he called me up
and he said in writing--
looking through his own book,
he realized that
he had mentioned
the name of the trauma
surgeon who saved his life.
He hadn't told the
doctor about this,
so he thought, well, you
know, it's not polite.
So he contacted the
doctor and invited him
to lunch, when he told him
the near-death experience.
So when the doctor
listened to this--
>>NOORY: He's in shock, right?
>>MOODY: --he became
silent and said,
well, I've never
told anybody this,
but that night you
came into the hospital,
I was talking with your wife.
I felt the presence of your
wife in the ER-- I mean,
in the operating room, who
had died in the accident.
And then, as this
developed, so did
the nurse have a
similar experience.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MOODY: So did his brother
who came into the hospital.
And so when these things start
leaking out to the bystanders--
and I call these shared-death
experiences, where
not the person who almost dies
and recovers tells the story,
but rather the people who are
standing around the bedside
say that as grandma died, they
left their physical bodies
and went towards this light.
Or that they saw grandma's
spirit leave her body,
or that the room
filled with light,
or they saw the apparitions
of the dying person's
relatives come in
to take them away.
And incredibly,
George, I even have
plenty of cases where the
bystander empathically
co-lived the dying life review
of the person who passed away.
And at that point, you see,
it becomes rather arbitrary.
I mean, am I going
to trust what--
well, let's put it this way.
I have so many medical
colleagues whose judgment
I trust, who, if heaven
forbid, I got sick, I would--
>>NOORY: You'd go
there in a heartbeat.
>>MOODY: --go there,
just like that,
who've had these
experiences themselves.
And they tell me,
yeah, this is real.
And I ran out of wiggle
room with the story
that I mentioned.
>>NOORY: Did you want to
run out of wiggle room?
>>MOODY: Well, yes, George,
because-- let me say this.
This is going to of come as
a shocker, but hear me out.
I am a skeptic.
Now, I don't mean these
people, the pseudo-skeptics
as I call them, this fascist
organization, the committee.
>>NOORY: The non-believers--
>>MOODY: That's right.
>>NOORY: --of everything.
>>MOODY: The skeptical inquirer.
Well, the reason I get
so angry about that group
is that I teach ancient
Greek philosophy.
So when I get to the Skeptics,
I have to backtrack and explain
that, no, a skeptic is not
what these ideologues tell us.
But what a skeptic
is, it was invented
by Pyrrho, who was
a Greek philosopher
in the wake of Aristotle.
Aristotle taught us
how to codify logic
and, in effect, taught
us a set of procedures
for drawing conclusions.
But after mastering
this, the skeptic thought
was, well then, what if we
don't draw the conclusion?
And this was like a
spiritual quest in essense.
But the reason they did this,
they even had these manuals
to tell you, like,
don't draw a conclusion,
there's a table here.
It might be a cardboard
cut-out, or an optical illusion,
or blah, blah, blah.
But the reason they
did this was they
found that if they
practiced this assiduously,
then they would have a kind
of mind-expanding experience.
And it really does work.
I mean, I've been this
way for many years.
>>NOORY: We've done that.
>>MOODY: Yeah.
If you think of
it geometrically,
and everybody else is
rushing in this direction
to get to the conclusion,
but you are withholding
a conclusion, and that is what
the essence of being a skeptic
is is to refrain
from a conclusion.
Then we see side
pathways of inquiry
that nobody else had
noticed because they're all
heading in this direction.
And that's being a skeptic.
OK?
>>NOORY: But being a
skeptic is healthy.
>>MOODY: It is.
It is.
And it is not only
that, it's fun.
And so the reason why I went
through this long period
of just not knowing
was that I never
really took seriously the idea
that this was brain chemistry.
>>NOORY: DId you have doubts?
>>MOODY: I never had
any doubt that it's not
neurophysiological, because
I knew all along that-- one
of my medical school
professors told me
about her own empathic
death experience,
her shared-death experience when
she resuscitated her mother.
And she was not sick, but
she had all these things.
So I knew it wasn't just the
cutoff of the oxygen flow.
But I just didn't know.
I couldn't draw a conclusion.
But when I came across
this case, like I said,
a year and a half
ago, I consciously
detected myself, when I was
trying to put this together,
trying to run away and
escape and rationalize
rather than just saying,
straightforwardly, what is.
So as incredible as it may
seem, I'm ready to say here,
yeah, there is a
life after death,
to my utter astonishment.
>>NOORY: You know, when
you think of life itself,
how it started, how
we got here, you
have got to take the
next logical conclusion
and simply say it exists.
Life after death is the
same process of the birth.
We don't understand it,
but it's got to be there.
>>MOODY: Well, you're
a good Platonist there,
and that's the way
he looked at it.
You know, to him, time
wasn't linear like we think
but cyclic.
And yeah, yeah.
>>NOORY: And I've always
thought that, always.
I've had doubts, Raymond.
I mean, I had a
friend of mine died
five years ago in a
motorcycle accident.
It was a horrible story.
I mean, I was on the air
doing "Coast to Coast."
>>MOODY: Oh, my.
>>NOORY: And his girlfriend
sends me a text message.
>>MOODY: Oh, no, George.
>>NOORY: I generally
have my phone close by,
but not where it's
interrupting me.
And I could hear
it vibrate, right?
And I'm going, jeez,
who is texting me?
I'm on the air.
So I go to a commercial break.
And I look at it and it
said, "Jason is dead."
>>MOODY: Oh, my god.
>>NOORY: And I'm going, what?
What?
And when I had a
moment, I called her.
And she said he had died
in a motorcycle accident.
He foolishly was doing
like 110 miles an hour.
And a little old lady was
driving her car, and he hit it.
Went flying and landed
atop a stop sign.
It almost severed him.
>>MOODY: Oh, my god.
>>NOORY: He died.
>>NOORY: We go to the funeral.
I hate funerals.
And I'm looking
at him, he's cold.
He's in the coffin.
And for the first
time in my life,
I doubted life after death.
I looked at this body and
I'm saying, this is it.
It's done.
He has no idea what's going on.
He's dead.
And there is no more.
It's over.
It was the coldest
feeling I've ever had.
I had shivers.
I went back, did my
show the next night.
And then it started to come back
again, the old me and my belief
systems, that there
is life after death.
But I have to tell
you, the thought
that it ends and just ends
is the worst feeling ever.
>>MOODY: Now, that is
so fascinating to me,
George, because I have
really, most of my life,
entertained the
opposite opinion.
And, you know, my best
friend of 30 years
was Milton Friedman,
not the economist.
My Milton always used to say--
>>NOORY: Who just passed
away, by the way, that one.
>>MOODY: That's right, yeah.
But my Milton always used to say
there are two Milton Friedmans.
One has the economic
solution, and the other
has the economic problem.
And he was that one.
And he was also famous.
He was a big-- special
assistant to President Ford,
knew every president
since Truman, but just
a thoroughly wonderful guy.
And Milton and I used to
talk about this a lot.
And we kind of
agreed that there's
a certain kind of aesthetic
pleasingness to think,
well, I'm born, I
live, and I die.
And that's the way I'd always
sort of thought about it.
But now it's a
major revision to me
to have to shift all
this around to say, well,
now I'm beginning to think
or I'm sort of confident now
that there is something
after this and--
>>NOORY: Too many
people have seen things,
have witnessed things,
have come back.
You've talked to them.
I've talked to them.
You have to conclude there's
something going on here.
>>MOODY: That is right.
Because it's like
when your logic begins
to get crystallized,
and it makes
you have to deny lots of stuff
that you can perceive just
right by looking at it, then
you know that the problem is not
necessarily in the
phenomena, but it's
in the structure we
use to think about it.
And that's what I've reached.
I think that, yeah,
there's an afterlife.
And so we better
get busy thinking
about new ways of
thinking logically--
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>MOODY: --and allow
us to integrate this.
>>NOORY: It has given me a
pretty refreshing outlook with
life because it just convinces
you more and more to live
a good life, to help the
people you care about--
>>MOODY: There you go.
>>NOORY: --and it gets
you to that certain level
that I think is so
important for people.
Why does mainstream religion
try to put this fear of God
in us, that when you
die and if you're bad,
you're going to hell?
It's over for you.
Why do they do that to us?
>>MOODY: That's
curious to me, too.
And of course, you
know, there are
plenty of religions
that don't do that.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MOODY: You know, I can
think of lots of denominations
that were very comforting to me.
But then when "Life
After Life" came out,
you should have seen some
of the communications I got.
Oh, you're in with the
devil and whatever.
>>NOORY: You're a
devil-worshipper.
>>MOODY: That's right.
>>NOORY: Satanist.
>>MOODY: But you know what I
conclude about that, George, is
that for you it's easy
to say, I don't know.
For me, it's easy
to say I don't know.
Because what we are--
>>NOORY: The truth
can't say that.
>>MOODY: --gifted
with or afflicted with
is curiosity, right?
But there are a lot more
people in the world who
are terrified of having
to say, "I don't know."
So in some sort of bizarre
way, it's comforting to them
to adopt this mechanical
ideology so that--
>>NOORY: And their business
is based on not saying--
>>MOODY: Fear.
>>NOORY: --I don't know.
>>MOODY: Exactly.
And afraid of saying,
"I don't know."
So it's fear-based.
And I understand fear.
I mean, I'm terrified of
driving an automobile.
I haven't done it in 25 years.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>MOODY: And I never liked it.
But you know, I'm not afraid
of saying I don't know.
It's just a difference in what
you're afraid of, I think.
>>NOORY: Sure.
What do you think
the other side is?
>>MOODY: That, I think,
is really a genuinely--
>>NOORY: That's the $64,000--
>>MOODY: --indeterminable.
>>NOORY: --question.
>>MOODY: That's right.
But you know this concept
of an event boundary?
What an event boundary is is
like when you're in one room,
and you decide to go into
another room to get something,
right?
And as soon as you go through
the doorway, you forgot.
>>NOORY: Your forget what
you were going to get.
>>MOODY: That's right.
And that's called
an event boundary.
>>NOORY: I do that now when I'm
ready to go to an internet site
that I need, and you'll sit
back and you're ready to go,
and you go--
>>MOODY: What was it?
>>NOORY: --what did I want?
>>MOODY: My god,
that's a great example,
like an event boundary.
And I think there's
kind of an event
boundary between that
other state of existence
and this one.
And that's described,
for example, in Plato.
He talks about how just
before people come back
from the other
side to this world,
they go through a process where
they forget all they know.
And it's part of the
learning process.
Because if we did come in here
with a bunch of knowledge,
it sure would interfere
with our ability--
>>NOORY: With everything.
>>MOODY: --to
concentrate on this.
So I kind of think that we
can't really know for sure.
And yet there are many-- if
you look at thousands of cases,
then what I see is that
people who have extremely
lengthy cardiac arrests,
these kinds of things
that really don't
make sense medically,
who had these really
profound experiences,
say that they become
aware that there
are other levels of reality.
For example, some
people say that they
can see a level
of reality-- they
can see into this
physical reality
that you and I are in right now.
But they can also
see in and among us,
there seem to be other people
who, for want of a better term,
don't quite realize
that they are dead.
>>NOORY: They're dead.
>>MOODY: That's right.
>>NOORY: They hang around.
>>MOODY: And they're
endlessly repeating something.
>>NOORY: They could
be in here now.
>>MOODY: Exactly.
And people say that-- And they
say even when you see this,
you see these people are kind
of dim and they don't get it.
It's kind of like I like to say
that they got out of their body
on the wrong side or something,
and they're repeating this.
But then in and out
among them, there
are these people,
enlightened people,
who are trying to
say, hey, wake up.
Snap out of it.
But then a lot of
people say also
that they become aware of an
entire other realm of existence
in which there
seem to be people,
for want of a better term,
who are pursuing knowledge.
George Richie said
that if you try
to imagine Caltech,
and MIT, and--
>>NOORY: Running full boat.
>>MOODY: --University of
California, or Harvard, Yale,
and Princeton, and
all, you can't even
get a vague idea of
what this is like.
And then beyond that,
people will tell you
that they see realms that
seem to be sheer light.
>>NOORY: Different
levels, right?
>>MOODY: Yeah.
That everything in
this light realm
seems to be constructed
of sheer light
and that the people
there just seem
to be tuned into love and joy.
>>NOORY: I think astral
projection is part of almost
like the death and dying cycle.
>>MOODY: I think so, too.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And Hayward
Carrington, Sylvan Muldoon
wrote a book called "The
Projection of the Astral Body"
a long time ago, one
of the first books I
read when I was young.
And they talked about different
levels that they were at.
They said there were some
levels you don't want to be at.
It just felt like hell.
It was a ghoulish.
It wasn't pleasant.
And maybe that's what hell is.
Maybe religion has
manifested hell
with the devil and
stuff like that,
but it's really these
different tiers.
But he did say the
higher up he got,
the more enlightened he felt.
>>MOODY: Yeah, yeah.
That light becomes more
and more of a part of it.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MOODY: Yeah.
But you know, I'm not saying
these things as absolute.
This is just what
people tell me.
But I gather from
what people say
is the next world is layered.
>>NOORY: Are you
afraid of dying?
>>MOODY: I am not
afraid a bit of dying.
I'm not afraid of death.
But lest that sounds macho,
which I definitely am not,
let me just say it's
life that scares me.
There's a lot of stuff
here that's scary.
Right now, I don't want to die.
>>NOORY: Nobody does.
>>MOODY: If you ask-- well--
>>NOORY: Nobody does--
>>MOODY: 16--
>>NOORY: --at this point.
>>MOODY: --17 years ago,
if you had asked me this,
and you probably did,
or at least that.
And--
>>NOORY: Close to it.
>>MOODY: --I would have
said, oh, you know,
I'm ready anytime.
But now I've got a
15-year-old and a 13-year-old.
>>NOORY: You want to watch them.
>>MOODY: I want to stay around
till they get on their feet.
>>NOORY: You know what?
I'm exactly the same way.
I don't want to
leave things undone.
And there are many things
I haven't accomplished yet
that I want to do, for myself,
for the people I care about.
And if I jumped off
right now, I truly
would feel as if
I cheated myself--
>>MOODY: Yeah.
And I--
>>MOODY: --and I
don't want to do that.
>>MOODY: --would feel as though
I cheated my kids, you know,
I guess.
Now I've got two grown kids.
I'm not leaving them out,
but they're doing great.
And I've got a wonderful
grandson, and he's doing great.
He's got his parents.
But the 15--
>>NOORY: How old is he?
>>MOODY: --and 13-year-old--
my grandson is 6.
But the 13 and the 15-year-old,
see, all they've got is me.
And there's a lot of
interesting studies
that have come out in the
last few years that indicate
that if somebody loses their
parent before the age of 20,
it becomes
particularly difficult,
the grieving process.
>>NOORY: That's absolutely true.
>>MOODY: And you know, the
articles don't speculate.
But what I think about
that is, remember
how when you were
14 and 15, your dad
was the stupidest guy
in the world, right?
Then when you're 20, you
make that comeback, right?
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>MOODY: So I suspect that what
happens is if you get caught
in that--
>>NOORY: That cycle.
>>MOODY: Yeah.
And you can't--
>>NOORY: And he's gone.
>>MOODY: --go back to make that
reunion when you're about 20,
then it's harder.
So for my kids, I hope I can
stay around a few more years.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
And that's what the living
process is all about.
But it's also exciting to
look at the possibilities
of the other side.
I want to talk with
you in our next program
about reincarnation--
>>MOODY: Oh, cool.
>>NOORY: --and get
your take on that.
But it also seems that Hollywood
is grasping this subject, too,
Raymond.
I mean, Eben
Alexander, the doctor,
he's done well with his
book, the movie that's
out there now about
life after death.
Hollywood has embraced that.
People are fascinated
with this subject.
Is it because we're
all headed there?
What is it?
>>MOODY: Well, I think it's
probably multi-factorial.
However, I think a
really big thing is
that I've noticed just since I
was into this in my 20's, and
I've observed this
now for many years,
but it seems that when
they're about 50 to 60,
people who have spent
their whole life
in the practical pursuits and
so on and been focused on that,
that suddenly they
have this wake-up call,
that mortality begins
to dawn as an issue.
And then they come about it
with a real sense of urgency.
They've got to know right now.
So what I think is
happening, at least one
of the things is, that you think
of all the tens of millions
of Baby Boomers
are suddenly now--
>>NOORY: I'm one of them.
>>MOODY: --entering
that period of life
where it's natural to
start thinking about this.
And also, because
we came from such
a immediate
gratification generation
that we want the
answers right now.
So I think what
Hollywood is reflecting
is this huge demographic surge
of the Baby Boomers reaching
that point in life
becomes natural to think
about afterlife things.
>>NOORY: True.
You ever see a horse race?
>>MOODY: I didn't.
>>NOORY: Home stretch, that's
where we are right now.
We're coming around
the home stretch--
>>MOODY: We are.
>>NOORY: --and there's
a finish line there,
and we just need to get
to that finish line.
>>MOODY: Yeah.
And I just love this.
I'm 69 years old now.
>>NOORY: And you don't act that.
>>MOODY: I just love
this aging thing.
It's terrific.
I mean, I just got to
laugh at all these people
who want to do their
faces like this, you know,
with the plastic surgery--
>>NOORY: Talking
about Wayne Newton?
>>MOODY: --or get
their hair all.
To me, it's like I'm happy
to be rid of my hair.
And even the arthritis is
beginning to say, oh, now
I understand what my
grandma was talking about.
It was like always
talking about her joints--
>>NOORY: It's the aging--
>>MOODY: --and what was this?
>>NOORY: --process.
>>MOODY: And it's fascinating.
I'm just-- I love it.
>>NOORY: What you can do is
control what you eat and stuff,
stay healthy.
>>MOODY: Yes.
>>NOORY: That's the
name of the game.
There's no sense going
into this being sick.
>>MOODY: Yeah, oh yeah.
I mean, you can't help
being sick once in a while.
But it's like my
natural thing is
I get up every morning
out of bed and walk.
And I don't do it for virtue.
I don't do it
because I think it's
going to make me live longer.
I just do it because
it feels so good.
>>NOORY: Mine is
simply getting up.
>>MOODY: Yeah, getting up.
>>NOORY: When you
wake up-- I did it.
I got through.
What does Raymond Moody do next?
>>MOODY: Well, I just
finished a great book,
I think, on figures of
speech, because it's
been one of my
favorite subjects.
>>NOORY: What's it called?
>>MOODY: It's called "Figures
of Speech Made Simple."
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MOODY: Been working on it
for 40 years, no kidding.
And I'm always doing new things.
I just--
>>NOORY: You don't stop.
>>MOODY: I just love--
>>MOODY: Finding out stuff to
me is kind of-- it's my drug.
I just love to think and
to find out new things.
>>NOORY: You travel
around the country still.
You're all over at events.
>>MOODY: I do, all
over the world.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
What do people ask
you, primarily,
when they first come up to you?
And of course, they know you're
the "life after death guy."
But what do they ask?
What's that first question?
>>MOODY: You know,
a lot of things.
When people come to me
in a lecture situation,
there's two big things.
One is that they
come to me and they
say, almost kind of
under their voice,
under their breath,
"Dr. Moody, I've
never told anybody
this, but--" So one
of the good things in
my life is that I'm
happy that I've been able
to-- a lot of people who
had these experiences
and just were troubled.
And it's like they
knew it was real,
they just couldn't talk
about it with anybody.
That, to me, has
been a great thing.
And then another
thing I think, George,
I lost my first child in 1970.
>>NOORY: Sorry to hear that.
>>MOODY: And he was
only 36 hours old,
but to me that was like
nine months old, right?
And you can imagine how that
has played out in my life.
Well, there's nothing that
would ever justify that.
Right?
And at the same
time, I look back
and say, well,
because my son died,
I think I've been able to
be more helpful to people--
>>NOORY: Other people.
>>MOODY: --who've
lost their children.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MOODY: Yeah.
And so a lot of my--
>>NOORY: I agree with that.
>>MOODY: --work in my remaining
practice is grief counseling.
>>NOORY: It's
comforting for people.
Raymond, thank you again for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MOODY: George, it's
always great being with you.
>>NOORY: Continued
success to you.
>>MOODY: Thank you.
And you, too.
>>NOORY: You know, I hope
this moment enlightened
you somewhat about what
truly is on the other side.
You do not have to fear death.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]